no I haven't seen you since you've
become Oscar winner yeah I know these
things have changed is that how you
prefer to be addressed now in all
situations no I would rather be
addressed as Regina King that prefers
Jimmy show over dear me oh oh really
thank you very much that's very nice
[Applause]
yeah I know it would have been tough to
put on with the thing on there yeah so
congratulations by the way
can I ask what do you like this was
February you wanting Oscar right what is
what sticks in your head the most from
that night when you think back on it I
mean there are so many momentous
speeches at the parties is it the have
there's so many moments I you know you
asked me that one of the first things
that come to mind like you we were when
we're leaving we were in like this
corridor I don't even know how we got
into the corridor but I'm walking
through this corridor with spike and
it's just me and spike and Spike Lee
Spike Lee that would be that's like and
we're just kind of walking hand in hand
Oscars on each side and just looking at
each other like what oh yeah it was it
was kind of a priceless moment another
moment was you know I get to the
Governor's Ball where they like engrave
your Oscar and I had to take off my
shoes right yeah
yeah would you know the feet were
hurting and I just felt like my
grandmother was looking down like not
just shoes you had an argument with your
deceased grandmother well yeah who's in
your Oscar night entourage who came with
you um I had a small entourage my sister
my mother my son on the screen some of
my agents did you stay out late with
them um not all of them not bother him
my mom got to that Vanity Fair party and
she was like I don't know why you guys
think this is fine
that's not her thing so she went home
and then you and then now you've got it
and now that you're Oscar winner has
your life changed you find yourself like
I know you'd like to go to Costco are
you going to Costco anymore is that now
oh yeah
that's never will still do that
absolutely you don't want that take a
99-cent store Oh 99-cent store
do you nightly go to the 99 cents look
yeah 99 cents store has brand-name
toothbrushes for a dollar
Oh why are those same toothbrushes like
349 GBS no but like this lady saw me as
she was like Regina King what are you
doing in a 99-cent store it's like I'm
like a bargain too yeah well I mean why
would you cheat yourself out of that
darlings go to the right man's head
store I would imagine that you might be
the only Oscar winner that does that
maybe not I mean you know they're
99-cent stores everywhere I heard you
went to Italy for the first time last
one that's fun huh
that was amazing absolutely I can't
believe you'd never been there but I
couldn't believe it either
where'd you go I went to Florence and
Milan nice beautiful we had a good time
I had an amazing time but I have to say
you know with just my ignorance I for
whatever reason thought all of the art
was in Rome for some reason I just
assumed that and then my agent was like
the Last Supper it's in Milan you should
make sure you catch it right and you get
there and did you go I did weird the way
it's set up well I didn't realize that
it was you it is a big ticket it's like
you know if you don't like to get a
ticket early if you just want to see the
Last Supper so they were all sold out
so I bought a tour just so I could see
the Last Supper so I showed up at the
end of the tour but I was almost late
and I was there with me you almost
missed supper I was and it was the last
time was amazing
it is awesome to be back is breathtaking
that's crazy
breathtaking what's the best thing you
ate in Italy the single best item you
consumed during your time there Oh Jimmy
I can't narrow it down to one anyway
about know I like backed it up like a
garbage truck yeah I know so a person
who I still won't speak to who was like
I'm so proud of myself I went to Italy I
didn't have one bite of pasta I ate no
carbs I was like well it was nice
knowing you no don't tell me that person
yeah well we're gonna take a break we
come back we will see a clip from the
highly anticipated Watchmen with Regina
King we'll be right back you were mad
that my sitter bail and you had to
suffer through black Oklahoma without
having someone to roll your eyes at
Sarah Bale yes well you encounters down
because black Oklahoma was delightful
you were not allowed to call it that
you're gonna give me the speech now what
speech about how I'm overreacting by
calling the article for I should call
him down take a breath for where Oregon
there's a guy in my trunk
oh that's good clip for the true fans of
the graphic graphic novel
there was a Easter egg in there when
Easter egg i'ma have to go and review
that again
the graphic novel is like a hallowed
piece of literature
it really is maybe the most celebrated
graphic novel of all time yeah and we
don't know what from that is is in this
show what isn't in the show what is in
the show what isn't in the show now
Damon Lindelof who created this
television show is did two of the best
television shows ever lost and left the
leftovers yeah you were on the leftovers
he I know his he has this thing where he
doesn't necessarily want to like use the
same actors from project a project but
with you he couldn't resist he broke
that rule he broke the rule how do you
how did he present this to you he did
not send the script to any of my reps he
like cat it's like delivered to me was
just this awesome note that said you
know he explained that this was his next
project I was not aware of what watchman
was up to I'll be honest okay and he
said you don't want to go on this
journey with you if you will and so I'm
looking at the script and there's like
this envelope peeking out of a certain
page and of course I go straight to that
page and there's on the envelope it says
Regina don't open this till you get to
this page don't cheat
exclamation mark exclamation mark
exclamation mark I wanted to cheat right
yeah right yeah but I didn't you didn't
I didn't okay and I read and I and I was
just blown away by what I was reading
and if I told you what I was reading I'd
be giving some things up in the envelope
or in know in the script and the script
and then when I got to that part you
guys will see it's a certain moment in
the pilot and I opened it up
and it was an artist's rendering with my
face of sister night ah yeah and that
excited you what have you always wanted
to be a superhero
I have who has it I mean right
yes yes you're right yeah like no I've
never wanted to be a superhero yeah
everyone wanted to be Supergirl yeah and
now you are super here now I am a super
okay believe me I am very excited to see
this the graphic novel is is one of the
best things ever and I think they're in
very you're in very good hands and vice
versa here yeah I'm in very good hands
and those hands follow me everywhere
they do that sounds incriminating in a
way and then maybe you'll see people
dressed up as you for Halloween maybe
that would be something I think that was
that would blow my mind well it's great
to see you I can't wait to see it it's
Watchmen it premieres October 20th 9
o'clock HBO Regina King everybody will
be wrong I am Jimmy Kimmel I hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos